---
sidebar_label: 'Maintain Logfiles'
title: 'Maintain Logfiles'
description: 'Use maintain_logfiles.pl to delete XP2 Connector log files older than a specified number of days.'
tags:
  - Reference
  - System Administrator
  - Jobs
---

# Maintain Logfiles

## What is it?

`maintain_logfiles.pl` deletes XP2 Connector log files that are older than a configured number of days. The script is run on a schedule to prevent log files from accumulating indefinitely on the AIX platform.

- Use this script as a recurring OpCon job to automate log maintenance
- Add it to the `SMAUtility` schedule to run it consistently alongside other maintenance tasks

## Log file naming

Log files are separated by job run. Each log file name is made up of four parts:

- The XP2 Connector script that ran
- The XP2 application that was run
- The start time of the job, formatted as `YYYYMMDDHHMMSS`
- The PID number for the process

:::tip Example
The log file for `ccstmt1` that started at 09:32:36 on 02/27/2020 with a PID of 13762792:
```
run_xp_job-ccstmtl-20200227093236-13762792.log
```
:::

## Command line

To maintain the logs generated by the XP2 Connector, create an OpCon job with the following command line:
```
/ops/bin/maintain_logfiles.pl
```

It is recommended that this job be added to the `SMAUtility` schedule.

## Command line parameters

Specify the location of the log files and the number of days to retain directly in the script.

### LOGDIR

This is the path to where the logs are located in the installation directory.

### DAYS2KEEP

This is the number of days of logs to retain.

:::tip Example
The following shows the parameters as they appear in the `maintain_logfiles.pl` file:
```
#!/bin/sh
export LOGDIR=/ops/bin/log
export DAYS2KEEP=3
echo "The following files appear to be too old and will be deleted"
echo "------------------------------------------------------------"
find $LOGDIR -type f -name \*.log -mtime \
+$DAYS2KEEP -exec echo {} \; find $LOGDIR -type f -name \*.log -mtime \
+$DAYS2KEEP -exec rm -f {} \; echo "Finished"
```
:::

## Related topics

- [Run XP Job](./run_xp_job.md)
